W
elcome iam akilan and thank you for taking the 
time to view my portfolio.
The Goal of this portfolio is to give 
you a deeper insight into my 
experiences and skills I have gained 
over my recent history.
It is my hope that this will allow you 
to better assess how my skills can be 
applied to your company.


iam Akilan mechanical design enginner i finsed my diplamo in mechnical engnnering i try join design & devlopment but i get design feld job so i need some clarty about manufachering process do some cad design free of cost like (pdf to autocad) consept to product after that i will joint smallscale combany that is place to manufchaing all   iam lst few yeaars iam working on idea to devlaopment like Reache and devlopment 
i more trusted on my immagenation 
 I eagerly anticipate engaging in an engineering milieu where I can leverage my theoretical know-how and hands-on expertise to drive advancements in the field. I'm deeply engaged in the process of refining and advancing product ideas through rapid prototyping and continual enhancement. I find joy in transforming concepts into tangible, functional products






I have a background in Diplamo in Mechnical engginner and enjoy exploring any mechnical funstion  products technologies  why the design come this shape i can understand from the basic to advaned thhining i also iam over thinking person  what is the resion it's not working try to reslove the proplems useing aavlable thinkes  i understand what is manufaching process in here is using bacase i have some knowage in manufaching teicnolog

correct the gramme errors and rephrase this sentence  


I have a background in Diploma in Mechanical engineer and enjoy exploring any mechanical function products & technologies.  why the design come this shape i can understand from the basic to advanced thinking i also iam over thinking person what is the reason it's not working try to resolve the problems using available parts  i  have more interested in concept to new product development  and responsible for producing mechnical designs baseon concepts cad software  and produce prototypes iam easy to  collaborate with cross functional team to integration hardware thorough research and analysis  to identity design requirements flow Design for manufacturing design for Assembly
I have a diploma in Mechanical Engineering and find joy in exploring various mechanical products and technologies. 
I can comprehend the reasons behind the design choices, ranging from basic to advanced thinking.
I am an overthinking person, always trying to understand the reasons when things don't work and resolving problems using available parts. 
I am particularly interested in the concept-to-new-product development process and take responsibility for producing mechanical designs based on concepts using CAD software. I also create prototypes. I am easy to collaborate with, working seamlessly with cross-functional teams to integrate hardware. I conduct thorough research and analysis to identify design requirements, ensuring a smooth flow from design to manufacturing and assembly."